# Experimenting with Wikidata
We have applied ClassRank over Wikidata and compared the results with many other centrality metrics. The dump files used can be dowloaded in the following links:

* [Wikidata 27 Sept 2020](https://archive.org/details/wikibase-commonswiki-20200927).


## Mining logs

We have mined log files released by Wikidata to detect class mentions in SPARQL queries. We count a class mention when:

* The URI of the class is mentioned.
* The URI of an instance of the class is mentioned.


We have annotated to types of class mentions: totals mentions and mentions in those entries labelled as 'organic' (i.e., generated by individual human actions). These results can be dowloaded at the following link:

* [Wikidata log results](http://156.35.94.8/classrank/wikidata/wikidata_log_results.zip).

The file contains a json structe with a root list with as many objects as classes to rank. Each object contain the data of a single class. The keys have the following meaning:

* rank: ranking position according to total mentions.
* class: Wikidata Id of the class.
* all: total mentions.
* O: total mention by organic agents.
* R: total mentions by robotic agents.
* OC: mentions to the class URI by organic agents.
* OI: mentions to some instance by organic agents.
* RC: mentions to the class URI by robotic agents.
* RI: mentions to some instance by robotic agents.

### Logs
The logs minned can be dowloaded at the following link:

* [Latest Wikidata logs](https://analytics.wikimedia.org/datasets/one-off/wikidata/sparql_query_logs/2018-02-26_2018-03-25/2018-02-26_2018-03-25_all.tsv.gz).
* [Logs' documentation](https://iccl.inf.tu-dresden.de/web/Wikidata_SPARQL_Logs/en).
   
## Result files:

We have executed different techniques to measure the importance of Wikidata classes, including:

* ClassRank (several configurations).
* PageRank (AAT: over the whole KG. OTT: just the T-BOX subgraph).
* HITS, hub scores (AAT: over the whole KG. OTT: just the T-BOX subgraph).
* Degree.
* Instance Counting 
* The average of Instance Counting scores with the rest of approaches.

Those results can be dowloaded at the following link:

* [Main result files](http://156.35.94.8/classrank/wikidata/main_wikidata_results.zip).

All these files share a common structure. They are json structe with a root list with as second-level list as the number of classes to rank. Each second-level list contain the informaion related to a class. Each list fields have the following meaning:

* 1: Wikidata ID.
* 2: score.
* 3: rank position w.r.t. the score.
* 4: English label (if available).

The zip file contains as well a comparison with Ranking Biased Overlap between all these techniques and the rankings of class usage in logs. The file contains different structures of CSV values (tip: do not parse, explore first with any spreadsheet software to keep one of the csv structures).

We have computing ClassRank using different configurations of classpointers. For each computation we have selected all those properties which are used to point to classes above a certain ratio r of times. In order t get that data the following files are available:
 * [Properties and their ratios](http://156.35.94.8/classrank/wikidata/wikidata_classpointers_ratio.json).
 * [ClassRank result files](http://156.35.94.8/classrank/wikidata/cr_wikidata_results.zip). 

## Comparison
The comparison between all these techniques and the reference rankings can be dowloaded as a standalone file. It is available in the following link
* [ClassRank result files](http://156.35.94.8/classrank/wikidata/main_comparison.csv). 


